Added AWS overview (#6305)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/aws-deployments-overview.md

---
title: AWS Deployments Overview
description: Overview of deploying to AWS with Harness CD.
sidebar_position: 1
---

> This topic includes or points to everything you need to get started with AWS deployments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic includes everything you need to get started with AWS deployments. 
```

## Supported Deployment Types

* [AWS ASG](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/asg-tutorial)
* [AWS ECS](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/ecs/ecs-deployment-tutorial)
* [AWS Lambda](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/aws-lambda-deployments)
* [AWS SAM](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/aws-sam-deployments)
* [Spot Elastigroup](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/spot-deployment)

## Connecting to AWS

> In order to communicate with AWS you will need an [AWS Connector](/docs/platform/connectors/cloud-providers/add-aws-connector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To communicate with AWS, you will need an [AWS Connector](/docs/platform/connectors/cloud-providers/add-aws-connector).
```

Reviewer: this can be part of the prerequisites

Reviewer: We say 'to' instead of 'in order to'. This is the style recommendation for technical docs.

## Prequisites for an AWS Deployment

> * The AWS account used to connect to Harness must have the correct policies associated with the account's IAM role. These policies differ based on each deployment type. Please take a close look in the relevant deployment doc to see what permission(s) you will need. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The AWS account used to connect to Harness must have the correct policies associated with the account's IAM role. These policies differ based on each deployment type. Refer the relevant deployment documents to see the permission(s) you need. 
```

Reviewer: better to include links. Refer to relevant docs sounds superficial. If we don't have the links, better to say Make sure that your account has all permissions and policies required to connect to Harness.

Reviewer: We generally avoid saying please in technical documents. This is also part of our style recommendation.

Author: the docs are linked at the top of the page.

> * Some AWS deployments will require a Harness Delegate. To learn how to install a Harness Delegate go to: [Delegate Installation Options](/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Some AWS deployments require Harness Delegate. To learn how to install a Harness Delegate, go to [Delegate Installation Options](/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/overview).
```
